go to Stanford and reduce the disease
ball Kaminsky doesn't have anything else
to do he wanted to check us out using a
season tickets stomp from dead for an
out flied team's been good to see him
broken incident last episode
look miss directing Lanza
see this
a lot of fun today gave us some great
stories but I'm curious because you know
you're just hanging out you're just one
of the fellas I mean do you have to do
the basics like we do around the house
and you have to do the shopping and that
sort of stuff everything are you any
good at shopping um I'm good if I have a
list okay you know like I did a list and
then I go through every hour and I get
but there's always that one item that
you can't find okay well we've helped
you let's do a little shopping with Kobe
Bryant bag I have a few items maybe
grocery store related maybe sports
related you guys get ten seconds to
guess how much we encourage audience
participation or are you guys already
the first item up for bids is what else
but a pound of Kobe beef
okay with over and over Rock Dibble how
much is a pound of Kobe beef Wow
it's Kobe beef the markets probably
Bebe's the best beef in Japan right you
put $10 dollars 20 hours and Sal 17 Rock
Dibble you get the Kobe money
say hello to a 1990 John Salley
autograph Detroit
you got the thing your senior Oh hahaha
how much is it about to say $9.99 okay
what the hell kind of grocery stores
this you can borrow my let's go that
actually is 11 bucks
you know given the company can evidences
here your kids won't like that okay up
next for babe here we go yeah it's just
a little Michael Jordan Kalambo Hefner
okay there we go
Rob Dibble how much anyone says what
it's worth we said how much it cost
yeah $35 $35 okay Toby swing it up $1 I
was going to say $23 I'm below 25 well
because he didn't go over Kobe Bryant is
your big winner 23
finally gentlemen how much is the DVD of
Sam
Rock Dibble undergo 3.46 is that his
weight his number Kobe dollars $5 I'm
gonna say this I liked that movie he
showed a lot of act all girls and then
Paloma Danny did a lot of live 999 the
correct answer give it to Kobe Kobe oh
you got he got really good skills in
there hey listen buddy
it was your first appearance on best and
we certainly hope not your last did you
have a good time today I had a blast man
out of blast
once again
yeah